here's how I get my clients to around 70
processes to 60 processes whenever they
start up their PC and still have all of
their Windows functioning without any
sacrificing of functions so in order to
get this done all we have to do is
pretty much just disable some
unnecessary Services disable the
services that use a lot of memory a lot
of CPU and a lot of system resources in
order to decrease our CPU usage decrease
our RAM usage and improve our frames and
decrease our input delay so let's get
started with disabling the unnecessary
services within windows and how to do
this on your specific computer all right
guys so as you can see we're in the
stock Windows 11 right here so the first
two things that you want to do before
continuing on with this video in order
to make sure that you don't mess up the
first one is creating a restore point so
all you want to do is search up create a
restore point and then you want to click
create and then just type whatever you
want I'm going to call it before video
press create and let that do s it's
really important that you do this step
just because if you do mess up you can
always go back to store point and just
go back to before doing this video and
you should do this regardless of what
the video entails FYI I'm not
responsible for any anything that you do
on your computer everything that you do
on your computer following videos is
your fault and your problem so keep that
in mind anyways click close And press
close and then all you're going to do is
you want to make sure that you're not
using a Microsoft account whenever
you're doing this video the reason for
that is just because the Microsoft
Account uses a lot of extra services
that we're trying to disable and just
not let you log into your PC so make
sure you're using a local account on
your PC you can log into Microsoft
account on a Microsoft store and Xbox
but just don't log into your computer
with a Microsoft account so how do you
do this so all you want to do is go to
the start menu go to settings go to
accounts and then you're going to go to
your info and then all you're going to
do is Click Microsoft account sign in
with a local account instead and as you
guys can see this is popping up you
press next on that and then type your
pin and then if you want a password you
can just type a password and then
confirm it I don't want one so I'm going
to click next and then you're going to
press sign out and finish once you've
done that and then just log back in and
continue watching this video all right
guys so once you've done what we just
did which is a restore point and signing
in with a local account all you're going
to do is go to the link in description
and download the disabled Services guide
pack just open this up go to the do this
before anything El this folder and right
click on disable UAC and click run as
administrator and then press yes now if
you press any key on this screen it's
going to restart the computer and then
once you've done that you're ready to
start disabling services so restart your
computer come back to this video let's
continue yo guys so just before you
start with this video make sure to
disable these settings in Windows
Defenders just press Windows key and I
and go to privacy and security Windows
security virus and threat protection
manage settings and turn off realtime
protection press yes on that and turn
off tamper protection and make sure
everything else here is off and then you
can continue running this video with no
issues all right everyone so once you
restarted your computer and done those
first three steps in order to make sure
that you have zero problems what we're
going to do is we're going to go to this
Windows settings and then going to go to
apps and then startup and this is really
important it's going to be like 90% of
the things that run in the background
are going to all be in here so as you
guys can see on this stock windows I
have Microsoft Edge running in the
background and one drive which makes no
sense so turn all of this off you don't
need anything on Startup if you do it's
just personal preference but I'm going
to turn all this off and then another
thing that you would do is auto run
64.exe now I've showed this in the
previous video of this one and a lot of
people messed up so again it's the same
as in this video do not uncheck anything
that you don't know what it does so just
right click on this click on as an
administrator press yes on that click
agree and then you're going to go to log
on now it's going to show pretty much
everything that was showing up in
startup but for me I'm going to uncheck
these two Riot Vanguard and then these
three down here if you have somewhat of
a similar setup to log on as me do the
same thing cmd.exe keep this check then
go to schedule task if you find things
that are yellow just right click on it
click delete and for example these
update tasks you don't need it so you
can just turn those off and then these
like one drive related task I'm going to
delete one drive anyways but you don't
need that then go to Services if you
don't really need any of these Edge
update or Google update or Brave update
turn this off and then everything else
here looks fine go to drivers if you
find this yellow one just right cck on
it click delete press okay and that's it
don't uncheck anything that you don't
know what it does because you will brick
your system if you do that so if I
uncheck one of these and I try to
restart my PC is just going to bruise
scen so don't do that then close out of
that now the service is script you're
going to open up inse sudo lg. exe right
click on it as an administrator and then
once you've done that click enable all
privileges drag main script. bat into it
press run and it's going to instantly
run and then press any key to clo out of
it now the rest of everything in the
optional services to disable these are
services that are going to break these
functions in their name but you do get
less process count and less Services
winning in the background so if you
don't use Bluetooth if you don't use
printing if you don't use Wi-Fi if you
don't use Xbox you can run each
individual bat file with inudo so let's
just say for example I want to disable
Windows Defender I drag this over click
run and it'll say access denied for some
of these but I'll show you how to fix
that in a second but as you see that's
running then let's just say for example
I want to disable Bluetooth I'm going
drag it into there press run as you guys
can see it's the save as Bluetooth so
you just keep doing that on all these
that you wanted to do obviously this is
all optional you don't need to do any of
these just cuz the main thing is in the
main script now this is why you have a
restore point just in case you want to
go back you can always use the restore
point and then just go back and disable
stuff that you don't need and then just
have the stuff that you need actually
working all right guys to the disable
Defender which is the optional script
and the optional Services disable all
you want to do is before you run it is
do this step right here so all you want
to do is press windows keyr type Ms
config then press okay then go to boot
click on your current windows and click
save boot press apply press okay restart
your computer then once you've restarted
open up the services script again go to
this page right here double click inudo
g.exe check enable all privileges go to
optional services to disable and then
just drag disable Windows Defender over
and then press run and it should work
perfectly fine then once you've done
that you can close out of both of these
press Windows kear type Ms config again
go to boot click click on your current
windows and then uncheck save boot press
apply and then press okay and just
restart your computer and Defender is
going to be completely disabled so you
won't have defending running in the
background taking up those frames but
let's just say you have some of these
applications that run in the background
just like how I have what you would want
to do is right click on them and click
quit one drive for example or just
completely uninstall them so say Riot
vanguards one of them I'm going to exit
out of that but yeah you want this as
minimum as possible only the stuff that
you want to use should be down here
other than that just uninstall the apps
that you don't need by going to apps
installed apps and uninstall them
however I do recommend using bulk crap
uninstaller to uninstall applications
it's basically a program that uninstalls
program that you've try to uninstall and
then it will delete any of the leftovers
like leftover registry files leftover
log files and Etc so all you want to do
is search a bull crap uninstaller on
Google go to the first link and you're
going to click download on fos Hub now
once you click that you can click bull
crap uninstall or portable wait for that
to download now once you have to this
file downloaded it's going to be a zip
file so for zip files you have to
extract these before actually opening
them so right click on this and click
extract here then once it's done all
you're going to do is double click EC
uninstaller.exe and wait for scan your
PC for all the programs that are on
there so just click continue continue
continue and then click finish setup and
then click anywhere now all you want to
care about is just selecting a program
that you don't want on your computer
anymore and then clicking uninstall
let's just say for example I want to
uninstall spey so I'm going to click on
spey I'm going to click uninstall and
press continue now I'm going to press
continue again and and click begin
uninstallation once this is done you're
going to click close And then you're
going to click close on this once it's
done then if you want to look for
leftover stuff press yes and as you can
see there was absolutely nothing left
over from that program you could do this
for every single program that's on your
computer that you do not need and if you
want you could highlight multiple of
these programs and click uninstall to
uninstall them all in one go but other
than that that's going to be pretty much
it for this video guys hope you guys
enjoyed leave a like comment down below
if this decreased your process count and
if you want more stuff like this
subscribe and turn on the post
notifications however it's if you want
all this done for you and you want
overclocks done on your PC 100 to 200
more FPS easily in any game that you
play go to the first link in the
description and book an optimization
service going to the best PC
optimization service on the internet
I'll see you guys in the next one peace
out